draft the ultimate phone but you can't
choose the same brand twice for my first
pick I'm choosing the screen from the
s24 ultra it's highz AMOLED and it's got
that cool matte display so you can see
it in any weather for my camera I'm
going with the red magic 9s Pro no
camera bump that's all I need to sell me
on a camera okay you can have it cuz for
camera I'm choosing the pixel9 pro it is
an amazing camera and AI oh AI oh my God
for design I'm actually going with what
I daily Drive the OnePlus 11 I love the
kind of plasticky back the green colors
plasticky back you can have it I'm
choosing the Oppo Find end fold for my
design it's a shorter like passport
style fold that opens in the landscape
it's funny that you chose fold cuz for
my screen I'm actually going the
Microsoft Duo 2 you also get two screens
with that just with no fold crease for
gimmick I choose iOS I want my phone to
run iOS but be a foldable well for my
last gimmick I'll pick Motorola stylist
the G5 snore comment who won